I hear you, my master!
I nodded at the replies. I m sure they didn’t need that “keep your guard
up” reminder, but hey, just in case.
But my message turned out to be an incredibly good idea. Just a moment
later, Soei and the others were exposed to a truly massive attack. A deafening
sound akin to fingernails on glass filled the air, itself enough to make it feel
like your very soul was being contaminated. It was the sound of the scales
that covered Charybdis’s body grating against one another. And then…
“My heavens! I had no idea it possessed an attack like that…”
“This…is bad. It can’t be evaded.”
The tension was clear in Treyni’s and Benimaru’s voices. From every
inch of its own body, Charybdis was unleashing a calamity, one that would
spread death and destruction wherever it went.
And in the midst of it…
“Hohh! So this is Tempest Scale, the attack that made Charybdis feared as
a tyrant! Never seen that  before!”
That was Milim. Having nothing else to do, she was offering color
commentary to me now. The name of it doesn’t matter. And if you knew
about that, I really wish you could’ve told us…
I almost asked her what she knew, but I stopped myself. Now was no time
for a long-winded explanation, and the attack was pretty self-evident anyway.
Right now, I was more worried for Shion and our other allies. It had
happened right after I warned them to stay on guard, so Soei, Shion, and
Ranga were just barely able to take evasive action. But they were being
threatened by Charybdis’s overwhelming supply of scales—hundreds,
thousands, tens of thousands—being shot out in all directions like high-
caliber bullets. They varied in size, but even the tiniest were several inches in
diameter. Take one unguarded, and it’d no doubt be even more disastrous for
you than a sword slash.
There were tens of thousands of them raining down at incredible speed.
There was no place to run. The so-called Tempest Scale worked at a far
broader range than even Hellflare, which was capable of mowing down entire
landscapes.
“Ngh, I can’t dodge them all. Ranga and I have Shadow Motion, but…”
https://mp4directs.com“Dodge them? What a childish thing to suggest. This won’t be enough to
kill me!” Shion snickered at Soei’s assessment.
Her eyes were bloodshot, and I was pretty sure she had lost all sense of
reason. She was brandishing her sword at Charybdis, not even bothering to
protect herself against the storm of scales. She was obviously in danger.
Soei and Ranga met in the air once more.
“…Soei, you should flee. I will serve as a shield for Shion.”
Fully stretching out his legs, Ranga leaped away from their foe’s Magic
Interference radius, then used the extra skill Control Wind to turn back
toward Charybdis. The first wave of scales had already reached him, cutting
through skin. Just as he promised, he intended to shield Shion with his own
body.
“Are you crazy, Ranga? You need to go!” Shion shouted, regaining her
senses.
“Heh-heh-heh… I imagine that Sir Rimuru, too, would select the option
that gave him the greatest chance of survival. But with a body this size, I
cannot find shadows suitable enough for me to use Shadow Motion with. You
go alone, Soei.”
Shadow Motion often seemed like an all-powerful skill, but even it had its
limitations. In the air, with only stable and temporary footholds available, it
simply wasn’t available to Ranga. Hearing this made even Soei hesitate for a
bit.
“…The greatest chance of survival, eh? Then I’m staying here. But don’t
worry. I’ll make the real  me retreat before I die.”
“Ha! How Soei-like of you. In that case, may we all live to see another
day!” Shion laughed, voice loud and clear.
Faced with the terrifying Tempest Scale, not one dared to give up on
themselves. It could be called reckless, but to me, I couldn’t have asked for
anything else.
They were all ready for this.
“You people really are a bunch of idiots, you know that? You could at
least count on me now, of all times.”
I decided now was the time to speak.
“““?!”””
https://mp4directs.comAll three froze in surprise. I flew in front of them, raising my left arm
against the advancing scales.
“““Sir Rimuru!!”””
I could hear them shouting my name, a mixture of shock and joy in their
voices. I didn’t respond, head faced forward to handle what must be done.
Which was…
“Consume them all, Glutton!!”
With my call, the insatiable Glutton within me stirred. The results
unfolded in a single moment. I imagine not too many knew what had
happened. The wall of innumerable scales that loomed over them just a
moment ago had now neatly disappeared.
“A…astounding. Well done, Sir Rimuru…”
It was Soei who found his voice first. And really, I was just as surprised as
he was.
I flew up there since, hey, if it’s a long-range attack, I could just eat it all
up.
…Okay, that’s a lie. The Great Sage actually tipped me off. All I did was
take it at its word and step up to protect my friends. Using Shadow Motion to
appear in front of them, I just barely made it in time to follow the Sage’s
advice and unleash Glutton.
https://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.comThe effect was awe-inspiring. All the scales that hurtled through the air
between us and Charybdis were fully consumed. This skill was even more off
the charts than I had thought—and well done on the Sage’s part, too, for
making the timely suggestion.
Not that I needed to tell it that.
Instead, now seemed like a good time to look a little cool around everyone
else. “Leave the rest to me. You three go back down and rest,” I declared,
like it was the most natural thing in the world.
“B-but… We can still help you…”
I stopped Soei before he could continue. “Look! It’s already regenerating
its scales. That wasn’t a single-use skill—it’s something it can launch again
and again. I don’t know if I can protect you all from a second round of that.
We should be glad that we made Charybdis attack us at all, really—if we
didn’t know about those scales and left the Pegasus Knights to handle it, the
casualty list would’ve been huge. You can be proud of yourselves today,
people!”
Soei retreated back, apparently convinced.
“I wish you good luck!”
“Be careful, Sir Rimuru.”
“You may summon me at any time, master.”
Ranga carried them off after they all said their farewells. Now, then. I just
gave them that big-hero act, but being faced with this huge freak, I wasn’t
exactly feeling serene. No point whining about it now, though. I’ll just have
to do what I can.
It was time to face off against Charybdis.
I wasn’t kidding, though; we were really lucky we got to see Charybdis’s
Tempest Scale before the Pegasus Knights showed up. The scales that didn’t
quite fall in range of Glutton were causing serious damage in virtually all
directions. If we took the brunt of that shot, defense just wouldn’t be
possible. We’d all be mincemeat.
None of our forces took a direct hit from the scales, thankfully, but the
nearby forest had been heavily damaged—or really, violently reshaped. The
amount of power behind it was just ridiculous.
https://mp4directs.comWell, better do my job, then. The first question to tackle was how many
seconds I had until another Tempest Scale barrage came along. I could
already see the Pegasus Knight reinforcements off in the distance. They were
stopped, apparently just as awed by that last attack as we were. Presumably
someone would explain what’s up while I was engaged with Charybdis.
It was my job to keep that dragon engaged with me and reveal as many of
its attacks as possible. After that, we could keep ourselves at a safe margin
and gradually chip away at the guy together. It’d be a marathon, but we’ll just
have to slog through it.
Now I was starting to regret turning down Milim’s offer. Really, I
wouldn’t mind if we swapped positions right now. But that’d look so lame. I
should give this the ol’ college try, at least—if we just can’t do it, I’ll think
about it then.
So our mission to conquer Charybdis was now fully under way. To kick
things off, I fired a bolt of magic fire, one of my new moves. The moment it
struck Charybdis, a searing Dark Flame burned and wrinkled its skin. Just as
I thought—it worked.
A regular old spout of fire would’ve been snuffed out by its magic
resistance. Dark Flame would’ve been no different, its magical energy
dissipating the moment it made contact. To get around that, I’d either have to
make physical contact with it and attack, or—as I did now—cover my magic
with something else until it made contact.
That’s why I tried loading a magical bolt with Dark Flame and shooting it.
The result was a success, making Charybdis writhe in pain from the intense
heat… Or at least, act a little irritated, maybe? It’s so big that I wasn’t sure
that bolt did much damage at all. Can’t give up now, though. Enough of
them, and the damage is bound to pile up over time.
So I kept attacking, spurring myself forward. I tried a few different
moves, gauging the dragon’s response. It seemed like Dark Flame and Dark
Thunder both worked well against it. Fire-based attacks worked across a
broader range of its body, and the lightning seemed to affect its magical
neural network a little.
Along with that useful info, however, I learned a few things I wish I
didn’t have to.
https://mp4directs.com“Uh…hang on. This guy has Ultraspeed Regeneration, doesn’t it?”
I whispered it out loud, even though I knew nobody would respond.
Understood. Judging from the recovery speed of its physical
structure, it is not incorrect to assume the individual “Charybdis”
possesses the extra skill Ultraspeed Regeneration.
Oh, wait, someone did respond. Or I should say, I learned something at
that moment that I fervently wished wasn’t true.
Basically, Ultraspeed Regeneration was what made Charybdis’s scales
grow back at such high speed. Once that process wrapped up, I was sure
there’d be another Tempest Scale blast—even quicker than before, if it didn’t
bother aiming at the storm this time. Perhaps as soon as three minutes—but if
I could damage parts of it enough, maybe it wouldn’t be able to release scales
from those sections of its body.
Confirming this, I used Thought Communication to let everyone else
know. Then, with a now-ample amount of info in hand, I figured out how I
would get the Pegasus Knights involved.
The battle continued…for over ten hours after that.
Milim had grown so bored with sitting on the sidelines that she fell asleep,
but I was fighting for my life. We had to damage Charybdis quicker than it
could heal itself, or else we’d never get anywhere. All of us plunged
ourselves into this desperate struggle, drinking mighty swigs of healing
potion with abandon as we fought.
I’d say we were about 30 percent of the way, maybe? We were all in on
the effort. Anyone who could fly was up there, along with Ranga and Soei
via Shadow Motion, while Benimaru and the dryad sisters lobbed magical
attacks from afar and Shuna and the rest provided support healing and
protection. Beams of searing light and sharply honed scales zipped to and fro
across the battlefield, magic and skills flying past the other. It was an
incredible, yet terrifying spectacle to see.
All of us were working together and giving it our all, and we were not
https://mp4directs.comquite a third of the way there. We were all keeping a safe distance, so none of
us had dropped out yet. I think there might have been one dropout, actually,
but maybe I was just imagining it. But even the most well trained among us
were gonna have trouble keeping this pace up forever. We weren’t going to
be afforded a single mistake—lose focus, and not only you, but our entire
strategy would go up in smoke.
It seemed hopeless. But nobody in our army dared to give up. And just as
I was racking my brain, figuring out what I should do:
“Gnh. Grnhhh…aahhh… Y-you… Mi…”
Hmm? Did I just hear something?
“Curse youuu…uuu, Mi—Mili… Milim!!”
Huh?! Milim? Did it say Milim just now? I immediately had the Great
Sage perform an analysis.
Understood. A small, slight presence of life is confirmed to be
within the body that Charybdis is occupying. It is believed that the
damage it has taken has led to biological distortion, perhaps because
it did not fully assimilate with the body’s magical core. In addition—
I listened to the details.
According to the Sage, Charybdis used the bodies of other magic-born in
order to create its own physical form. These bodies would normally disappear
and be assimilated, but if the magic-born involved held strong enough
feelings or anger or disgust, the assimilation might not fully complete itself.
And now its rage was aimed at Milim, not me. Hmm? Wait a minute. So
did this monster head straight for our town because some magic-born out
there had a bone to pick with Milim?
Oh, great.
This didn’t have anything to do with us! And here I thought it was picking
up some kind of magic waves from Veldora inside me. Talk about
overthinking.
And…hang on. So it’s no problem at all if I shove this on Milim’s
shoulders, then?
The shocking truth hit me.
https://mp4directs.comThe moment I woke her up, I sent Milim a Thought Communication.
Hey, uh, Milim, I think this guy’s got a score to settle with ya, after all…
Ooh, I heard it. Looks like Charybdis is using Phobio, the Black Leopard
Fang, as its core body. You know, the guy who was here before?
Despite being a long distance away, Milim had still picked up on
Charybdis’s thought waves, using her Dragon’s Eye to accurately discover its
identity. Its analytical abilities were ahead of even the Great Sage’s, but I
should have expected nothing less from her, I guess.
I suppose you’re right. And here I was keeping you idle because I thought
this was our guest to handle.
Ooh, does that mean I can tackle it, maybe?! she excitedly asked, not
bothering to wait for my full explanation.
Just as I expected, she pounced on the offer. Nice. I knew she was
champing at the bit for this from the start, but still. Gotta hand it to her; I’m
impressed she had the patience to wait for so long.
Okay. You take my place. Sorry I got between you and your friend here, I
guess.
I made sure to emphasize that. This was Milim’s guest, not mine. Now I
could take Charybdis, this unfathomably hideous calamity of a monster, and
palm it off on Milim.
Oh, and one more thing:
Also, uh, Phobio was working for Carillon, wasn’t he? You think you
could maybe spit him out of that thing while you take the monster out? I’d
like to rescue him alive, if possible…
This was important. I knew it was a pretty crazy thing to ask, faced with a
monster like Charybdis and all, but I had a feeling Milim was up to the task.
Plus, if she killed a servant of the demon lord Carillon, that’d just create new
problems for us. I had another motivation, too, but that one was so pie in the
sky—I could save it for later. For now, I just wanted Phobio safe.
Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha! You got it! That’ll be a cinch for me. I’ve learned how
to hold back my power a little lately, too. Lemme show you how good I’ve
gotten at it!
Milim gladly accepted, relishing the chance to boast about herself. She’d
learned how to hold back, though…? Like she had any idea what that meant.
For some reason, that made me a bit concerned. I opted not to voice that
concern, though, as I let her take care of the rest.
https://mp4directs.comAnd now that that was squared away, the rest would happen pretty
quickly.
“Okay, guys! Retreat from the area immediately!”
“What are you talking about, Sir Rimuru? We have hardly given up yet.”
“Please, just do what I say! Believe in me! You all have to get out of
here!”
My shouting was enough to make Dolph, captain of the Pegasus Knights,
call out the order to retreat, albeit grudgingly. We were in a state of total
exhaustion, it was true. Things would gradually get worse for us like this.
Perhaps he figured my strategy was to wait for the remaining knight corps to
show up before reengaging.
“It’s all yours now! Good luck!” And with that, Dolph sent his cavalry
back. My own friends didn’t voice any such objections, of course; they had
picked up on enough of my Thought Communication to get the picture.
And so, once I was sure everyone except me was gone, I sent the signal.
Okay, Milim! All set here!
“You got it!”
She had already flown into the air, not bothering to wait for the signal.
Her dragon wings were stretched high behind her, a self-contented smile on
her face. In another moment, she was next to me.
“Gnh. Grrrhhhhh! Mili— Milimmmmm!!”
Noticing her presence, Charybdis arched its body and glared straight at us.
It was already too late.
“Well, here we go! Here’s what ‘holding back’ looks like for me! Drago
Buster!!”
A fantastic stream of bluish-white light rushed from Milim’s outstretched
arms.
It was a light of destruction that made everything disappear.
…?! Cannot analyze. Collecting data… Failed.
The Great Sage within me sounded a bit surprised. Maybe I was just
imagining it, but still. It failed to identify the exact nature of Milim’s attack,
but the results were pretty obvious.
https://mp4directs.comThe sight before me was forcing me to rethink the meaning of the term
holding back. Several streams of the white light had pooled together, crashing
right through Charybdis’s body. It began to eat away at it, giving the dragon
no time for Ultraspeed Regeneration to work. The 150-foot-long frame was
no match for it, and in the blink of an eye, it disappeared.
All I can say is, thank heavens this was an airborne target. If it was on
land, it would’ve reshaped the entire geography of this forest. That was the
sheer enormity of the attack. We had spent the past X number of hours
gradually whittling away at it, taking out 30 percent of its energy, and now it
was destroyed beyond repair in the space of several seconds.
Truly, Milim’s strength could only be described as beyond imagination.
Charybdis was gone, and a little piece of its body fell to the ground. Or
not a piece, actually—this was Phobio, that magic-born it was built around.
Milim kept her promise. She called it holding back; I would call it a
masterpiece of work.
I flew over to the magic-born, grabbing him before he smashed against the
ground. He was alive, if barely, which meant I got what I wanted. I decided
to get to work immediately, preferring if nobody else had to see this.
Analyzing Phobio’s status, I found that he and Charybdis were 90 percent
fused with each other. Without quick action, the beast would just resurrect
itself again. That’s why I needed to do this.
https://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.com“What are you doing with him?”
“Just watch,” I said, dodging the question as I began. “We can’t let
Phobio go free, right? I figured we better take care of him right now. Fully.”
The task at hand involved fully separating Phobio from Charybdis. My
Deviant unique skill allowed me to synthesize and separate things, and it’d be
the latter that I’d use for this job. However, just doing that alone would cause
Charybdis, a spiritual life-form, to float away out of my hands. That’s where
my other unique skill, Glutton, would come in.
Even with my Sage and all, I wasn’t able to fully combine unique skills
together. Under its control, however, I could run them in parallel to one
another. It would be a delicate sequence, a bit like performing surgery, but I
was capable of it. If I screwed it up, I’d have to take Phobio’s life as well, so
this could have repercussions on my relationship with Carillon. I really
wanted this to work, if I could help it.
I focused on the job, devoting all my strength to it. First, I separated a
little; then I consumed the bit I took off. The Sage took care of controlling the
two disparate skills for me, so I had to do the actual job all by myself.
The battle against Charybdis was starting to seem like someone else’s
problem by now—and I knew the reason why. It was Milim. She had dozens
of times more magical energy than I did; a demon lord with untold amounts
of power. Having her around meant I wasn’t nervous at all about facing
Charybdis. I knew in my mind that we were all in mortal danger, but in one
corner of my brain, I was spoiled by the fact that I could always call on
Milim for help. There was no real sense of danger to me.
This, on the other hand, was different. I couldn’t leave this job to anyone
else. Mess it up, and it could be the spark that touched off a whole other
crisis. That was why I didn’t want anyone else watching—I wanted to take
full responsibility for whatever happened.
Of course, I had Milim right next to me, curiously taking in the
proceedings, but…
Report. The magical core of the individual Charybdis has
successfully been separated from the individual Phobio. Consuming
the magical core of the individual Charybdis… Successful. Analyzing
core… Partially failed. Isolating and continuing to analyze. The
https://mp4directs.comfollowing skills have been obtained—
Success. It felt like that took forever, but I had completed it before
everyone who evacuated out for Milim’s attack had come back.
A torrent of information streamed into my head. I didn’t like the “partially
failed” bit of the Sage’s report, but now that everyone was back, I filed that
concern away for later. Given that it was isolated or whatever, I was pretty
sure there was nothing dangerous about it.
All I had left to do was give some healing potion to the weakened Phobio
before I forgot. I gave him a swig of my very own, handmade Full Potion,
quickly stabilizing his physical condition.
Now to wait for him to awaken.
Thus Charybdis, the threat that landed on our doorstep, was fully slain.
“Would you be able to explain to us what happened?”
That was the first thing knight captain Dolph said when he saw me.
Hmm. Yeah. I guess you’d want an explanation, wouldn’t you?
“Well, um… You know. This girl here, she’s actually the demon lord
Milim, so…”
“Ha-ha-ha, you certainly enjoy your jokes, Sir Rimuru.”
His eyes weren’t laughing.
“But if you had a magical weapon capable of outputting so much force, I
wish you could have informed us of that in advance! We’ll be expecting a
more official explanation later on.”
He was clearly miffed at me, and I could understand why. I didn’t have
much excuse, really.
“Still, whatever you did managed to eliminate Charybdis, a being that
could have been a true disaster to all living races. It is a stroke of good luck,
indeed. If you will excuse me, then, I need to report to His Majesty.”
He relaxed his scowl a bit and bowed.
“Thanks for all your help. I will provide my own explanation to King
Gazel shortly.” I returned the gesture.
I meant that. This was a demon lord–class monster, and the dwarves
https://mp4directs.comdidn’t hesitate to step up against it. Without their support, I probably
wouldn’t have even noticed that Phobio was the magic-born driving its rage.
Chances are that I would’ve asked Milim to kill it anyway, but then she
wouldn’t have “held back”—she would’ve atomized it all the way, and I
wouldn’t have lifted a finger to stop her, no doubt.
It was that small sliver of extra time that helped us notice the ever-so-
slight discrepancy between Phobio and Charybdis.
“Provide your thanks to His Majesty, not to me. Also, if I may speak only
for myself…” Dolph came a bit closer, lowering his voice. “If you are going
to report to the king, could I ask you to travel to Dwargon to make the report
personally? His Majesty is still rather distressed about how your last visit
turned out. The exile and refusal of board he sentenced you to has already
been lifted, so…”
This was probably less Dolph’s personal invitation and more his
interpretation of Gazel’s feelings, I imagined.
“All right. In that case, tell King Gazel that I would love to be extended an
official invitation. I look forward to visiting again and giving my report.”
“Excellent! I am sure His Majesty will be overjoyed. Kaijin, Garm, and
the rest are also welcome to return at any time. They could join you, if they
chose to.”
Dolph was already excited about the idea. I’m sure Kaijin and the gang
would like to visit home sometime. Taking them along could be nice, and I’m
sure that’s the whole reason Dolph brought this up with me. He might have
that gruff military veneer, but I guess he really looked out for others, too.
After that and a few other small pleasantries, the Pegasus Knights were
busily hurrying their way back home. I felt truly grateful, from the bottom of
my heart, that none were hurt.
With the danger past, I went back into slime form. But just as we were about
to head home…
“Ngh… Where—where am I? What happened to me…?”
I heard confused muttering.
Phobio had awoken. It put Benimaru and Shion on their guard, but Phobio
wouldn’t have had any energy to fight right now. His wounds were fully
https://mp4directs.comhealed, but his magic power was exhausted. Plus, with Charybdis fully
extracted and eliminated from him, he was back to “merely” being a high-
level magic-born—nobody we couldn’t take, if it came to that.
“Hey there. You up? Do you remember what you did?”
I spoke slowly to the bleary-eyed Phobio, who was gradually regaining
consciousness at the sound of my words. Then he jumped up and, incredibly
suddenly, prostrated himself before me and Milim. Guess he remembered.
“I—I am sorry! I mean, I deeply apologize to you! I’ve done something
horrible to you, Lady Milim…and I’ve put so much trouble upon all of you a
second time!”
The pallid magic-born before me was a lot more impulsive with his
emotions than I had thought. It seemed unnatural, in a way, someone like that
causing so much chaos.
I was just about to ask what drove him to do all this when Treyni asked an
even more pointed question.
“How…did you know where Charybdis was sealed away? Because I
highly doubt you merely stumbled upon it.”
That was a good point. This was a proud magic-born; if revenge against
Milim was what he wanted, I bet he figured he could do that by his own
hand. But pursuing revenge to the point that he instilled Charybdis into his
own body? That seemed quite unusual, and I had been wondering about that
for a while.
“Well…”
To his credit, he didn’t hide any of it and fully explained what happened
to him—the request he made to the two masked agents of the Moderate
Jesters.
“A pair of strange-looking masked clowns? But that location is secret—
only we knew where it was, and it was the hero herself who told us. A
formidable foe, indeed, if they were able to track it down… And masked, you
say?”
This seemed to trouble Treyni in particular. She seemed to know them.
“Was one of the masks asymmetrical, perhaps? Drawn to look like they
were making fun of you?”
“N-no. There was a girl whose mask made it look like she was crying, and
then a fat man with an angry mask. They called themselves Teare and
Footman.”
https://mp4directs.comNot the guy Treyni knew, then. But…wow, mysterious masked magic-
born, huh?
…Wait a sec.
“Hey, I think Benimaru said there was one there during the attack on their
homeland…”
“Yes. I just thought of that myself. A rotund magic-born wearing a mask
of anger. That was one of the people controlling the orcs!”
So that was it. The figure who pitted me against Benimaru and the other
ogres in the first place.
“Indeed. One of the orc generals working away from my command was
accompanied by a high-level magic-born bodyguard, hired by Gelmud. That
man’s name was Footman,” Geld added.
Then—
“And come to think of it, when Sir Laplace rescued me, he said he was in
Gelmud’s employ as well… He said he was the vice president of the
Moderate Jesters, which he described as a jacks-of-all-trades group. And the
mask he had on… It was just as Treyni described. Asymmetrical—and with
an arrogant expression on it!”
Gabil dropped the bombshell.
Events from across the land were suddenly being connected together.
“…I see. The man was called Laplace, you say?”
“And…Footman? I will be certain to remember that.”
Treyni’s eyes were filled with a dangerous light, and Benimaru wore a
defiant smile.
I was surprised to hear that Treyni had made contact with these guys as
well. Given her penchant for popping in and out of existence all over the
place, they must have crossed paths somewhere. And while Footman had not
personally interacted with the ogres back there, he was certainly a major
factor behind the destruction of their homeland. They were not fully our
enemies, perhaps, but they certainly had something against us all.
The Moderate Jesters. A mysterious band of jacks-of-all-trades. They
sounded like trouble, so I decided to ask Milim if she knew anything.
“Mmm? I’ve never heard of that group before, no. Nobody said anything
about using guys like those to cause strife among races or anything. How
interesting! I wish I could’ve gotten to meet them.”
Milim, at least, had heard nothing from her demon lord cohorts. She
https://mp4directs.comdidn’t know many details about the whole orc lord operation, I suppose.
Gelmud was the main man behind all that, apparently—Milim just got the
outlines of it, not the little details like hiring a bunch of jokers to help push
things along.
“Maybe it was Clayman scheming behind the scenes with this, not
Gelmud. He had the connections for that,” she indifferently continued.
“Clayman? Who’s that?”
“Mm? One of the demon lords. He just loves dirty little schemes like
that.”
Geez. She was exposing him like it was no big deal, but what the heck?
The guy was still just a suspect; we didn’t know if he was the real criminal
here yet—but as Milim put it, Clayman was the kind of guy who’d arrange
something like that. Not because Gelmud wasn’t up to the task, but because
Clayman was always trying to set it up so he’d have an advantage over the
other demon lords.
The orc lord operation was devised by three of those lords, who assigned
the job to Gelmud in order to keep things balanced among themselves. If any
of them was gonna try to game the system, as Milim described it, it was
definitely Clayman. I didn’t have much to comment about on that point, so I
filed the fact away in the back of my mind.
I had thought this whole affair was over, but there were still plainly some
issues left to tackle.
“Something does bother me. This Laplace… He said he was not among
the monster tribes.” After Milim was done speaking, Treyni offered another
observation.
In this world, a monster tribe could still be defined as pretty much anyone
who was hostile against the human races. Saying you weren’t a monster was
another way of saying you were allied with humans and so on. Assuming you
weren’t lying. But if they had no quarrel with the human race, that seemed
feasible enough to me—there were bound to be other magic-born who took
my approach.
Or… Hang on.
“He said he wasn’t magic?” I asked Treyni.
“Yes, Sir Rimuru. He might have supporters in human society.”
Aha. Yeah, this was rough. A major issue, in fact. But I had no way of
confirming it. Without any evidence, debating over it was useless. So I
https://mp4directs.comresolved to keep an eye out for this weird group and wrapped up my
interrogation of Phobio.
We now had a fairly ample amount of info to work with. Putting it all
together, one truth became clear about this incident: These Moderate Jester
guys liked approaching their targets with claims of offering help. It allowed
the Jesters to achieve their goals without dirtying their own hands.
With the orc lord, they attempted to set off a war among monster races.
This time, they wanted to have Charybdis fight us—or Milim, at least. It
sounded to me like Phobio had simply been taken advantage of. The real
mastermind was someone else.
“Sounds like they used and abused you, huh? Try to be a bit more careful
about taking fishy offers like this in the future, all right?”
Phobio wasn’t exactly free of fault here, but given that the real culprit was
elsewhere, it didn’t seem right to punish him. I didn’t want to stir up added
trouble, besides. If he swore he wouldn’t bother us anymore, I was glad to let
him go free.
“…Huh?”
He was still prostrate before us.
“I, er, I don’t deserve to be forgiven. I accepted this offer at my own
discretion. It had nothing to do with Lord Carillon, so please, allow me to pay
for this with my life…”
It was weird, seeing him act so bold and brave while bent over in front of
us.
“N-no, really, I have no reason to kill you. Right, Milim?”
“Mm-hmm! Of course! I wanted to give you a wallop, sure, but I’m all
grown-up now. I’m not angry at all, so consider yourself forgiven!”
A wallop, huh…? Doesn’t sound all that grown-up to me. But oh well.
“See? And if she forgives you, I wouldn’t worry about any of us.”
“…But I let my anger take control of me…”
“Mm-hmm. And probably… That guy with the angry mask? He was
probably using those emotions of yours.”
Phobio looked up at my observation. “Come to think of it…that bastard
said he was attracted to me by my feelings of anger and disgust…”
https://mp4directs.comHis face was astonished as it dawned on him. I was just giving him a bit
of a lecture, but maybe I was more on target than I thought.
“Yeah. See? So don’t worry about it.”
“He’s right. And you’re fine with that, too, aren’t you, Carillon?”
Huh? Carillon?
As if to answer my question, a man appeared from the underbrush. He had
an attractively rough, unpolished look, sporting a well-tailored but well-worn
outfit. His short blond hair stood on end, his sharp eyes only adding to the
intense atmosphere he presented.
“Heh. You noticed, huh, Milim?”
“Of course.”
“Yeah, of course,” he replied.
Between the name Carillon and the obvious friendliness they shared, I
could guess the identity of this wild-looking man projecting his inner strength
in the quiet. He was nowhere near as large as Charybdis, but he presented
exactly that sort of overpowering aura—if not more of one, like he’d blow
you away with a thought.
So this is Carillon the demon lord, huh?
“Hey. The name’s Carillon. Thanks for helpin’ this guy out without
killing him.”
Thus the demon lord Carillon greeted me, looking me straight in the eye.
The air grew suddenly tense.
I had no words to overcome the daunting aura of strength that
overwhelmed me. Once again, I recalled how the term demon lord wasn’t just
for show. But as the leader of this land, I couldn’t let myself be cowed like
this.
“I wasn’t expecting the man himself to show up. My name is Rimuru
Tempest, the leader of Tempest, our nation of monsters here in the forest,” I
declared, summoning all the courage I could.
“Pfft! A single magic-born person, establishing a new nation? Perhaps I
woulda believed it in the past, but in this world, you’d have to be suicidal. I
was told the orc lord killed our mystery magic-born, but I guess that report
wasn’t too true, huh? You’re the masked magic-born that killed Gelmud,
aren’t you?”
https://mp4directs.comYou look at this slime, and that’s the conclusion you reach?  That was the
only thing I could think. But Milim was here, and maybe he got to witness
the battle against Charybdis as well.
“Yep. You’re right.” I transformed into a human. “So are you here to get
back at me for that, or…?”
I doubted it, but I asked anyway. Carillon grinned at the question.
“Ha-ha-ha-ha! Funny. No wonder Milim likes you.”
The laughter instantly dispelled all the tension. But once he was done
guffawing to himself, Carillon’s face stiffened. Then, he did something none
of us was expecting. He admitted he was wrong.
“Well, sorry one of my men went berserk on you. Guess I neglected to
supervise him well enough, and I hope you’ll forgive me for that.”
He didn’t bow his head or anything, but he did apologize in the only way
he could. Plus:
“You could say I owe you one now, I s’pose. Lemme know if you have
anything I can help ya with.”
Really, he couldn’t have been more sincere with us. Carillon, this demon
lord who was far more powerful than myself, was acting in good faith with
someone like me. I suppose it just proves how incredibly, deeply broad-
minded he was. He owes me one, huh? If that’s how he sees it, I can think of
something…
“In that case, it’d be nice if you could sign a nonaggression treaty with
us.”
“…Is that all you need? All right. By my name as demon lord—or should
I say, as the Beast Master Carillon of the Beast Kingdom of Eurazania—I
swear I’ll never turn our blades on any of you. That assumes, of course, you
promise the same to us.”
He accepted it easily—another sign of his incredible capabilities. I found
it quite admirable.
Since we were already flustered enough, we agreed to send envoys later
on to work out the details.
I didn’t know how much I could trust in this pact; given how impulsive
Phobio turned out to be, could his master Carillon be much the same way? It
should mean that he wouldn’t butt in on our affairs for a while, at least.
If I could learn more about Eurazania, maybe we could open diplomatic
relations with them, too. That’d be the best thing.
https://mp4directs.comAnd that pretty much wrapped up the day. Carillon let his fists do the
talking with Phobio, putting him near the brink of death once more, but we
all have our funny traits like that, I suppose. He lent his limp subordinate a
shoulder as the two of them shuffled away and teleported themselves back
home.
It was time for us to return home, too. The day had its ups and downs, but
things were finally starting to settle down a bit.
https://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.comEPILOGUE
A NEW ARTIFICE
Several days had passed since Charybdis’s defeat. The land of Tempest was
calm once more. A lot had happened, certainly, but our nation was finally
starting to get recognized, and I couldn’t have been happier.
We were now on friendly relations with the Armed Nation of Dwargon
and the kingdom of Blumund. The road between us and Dwargon would be
opening up soon, and my official invitation had already arrived. I needed to
make my report, but they were planning more to receive me as an official
state guest.
Over in Blumund, Fuze was doing a lot for me by going around royal and
noble circles and convincing them that given how this latest crisis had turned
out, it’d be much more to their advantage to work with us, not against us.
Blumund wasn’t a large nation, so “noble circles” didn’t encompass that
many people, as he said. None were putting up a lot of roadblocks against
him, so I doubted I had much to worry about.
“Oh, trust me, I’ve got so much dirt on the nobles that the carrot-and-stick
approach’ll work just fine with them,” he had told me as he left. And given
the sneer on his face, I felt safe in leaving all that to him.
Kabal and his cohorts seemed pretty intent on staying here, but they still
had a job to carry out—escorting Fuze back home.
“Can we visit again?”
“Yeahhh, I’m not sure I can live without Shuna’s cooking any longer.”
“You can say no all you want; we’ll be back soon!”
They very reluctantly left, taking Fuze along with them. I wasn’t going to
turn them away; they were more than welcome to return, and I set up bed
https://mp4directs.comspace for them and everything.
And there’s another nation I shouldn’t be forgetting—the Beast Kingdom
of Eurazania. If our talks went well there, that’d be one more nation to build
formal ties with. We got put through the wringer, but we sure earned a lot
from it. There was no telling how our discussions would turn out yet, but
building a formal friendship with one of the bigger demon lords was a major
coup. I wanted to see it succeed.
So we gained a lot, and if anything I, personally, gained just as much. The
Charybdis-specific skills Magic Interference and Gravity Flight, for one.
That, and Resist Magic, the ultimate ace in the hole against any magic thrown
at me. I was having the Great Sage analyze all these to the hilt, so I was sure
it’d be connecting them to other skills before too long.
That was one other reason why I asked Milim to keep Phobio alive. I
mean, I did want to wrest Charybdis away from him, but it’d also be nice, I
figured, if I earned a few new skills as a side effect. With all the trouble he
put me through, I felt I deserved to reward myself a little.
So what were we doing now?
Thus! Swishh! Thwam! Bash!
I think the ambient noise speaks well enough for itself.
Benimaru, Soei, Shion, and I were being pummeled.
“Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Save your breath!!”
The woman laughing shrilly at us was, of course, the demon lord Milim.
She was training us, which I thought appropriate given how unfairly strong
she was. It was four of us against the one of her, but it was hopeless. The
Dragon’s Eye from her saw completely through every trick and attack we
attempted.
That’s Milim for you. She’s incredible, I thought, more intensely than ever
before.
Milim was wearing a Dragon Knuckle around her fist—the weapon
present I had promised her long ago. Such knuckles were originally meant for
punching with your bare hands without hurting yourself, boosting the force of
your strikes in the process. Not this one—this was the exact opposite. Put this
on, and it restricted your punching power by around 90 percent. The
https://mp4directs.commagisteel at its core applied the Reduce Speed and Power Drain inscription
magics to the wearer.
When I gave it to her, she peered at it with intense curiosity, then gladly
accepted it. She’d been wearing it every moment since—including during
meals, which I had to warn her about, much to her whining chagrin. I was
glad she liked it, but she had to learn the right time and place.
This Dragon Knuckle did a whole lot to save us all. We’d been engaging
in mock battles every morning with Milim since that day; it had become a
regular part of the routine. Her power was just ridiculous, her agility
practically cheating, her stamina inexhaustible. Thank heavens she was on
our side.
Only Hakuro could put up any real fight against her, which taught me all
over again how important actual technique was, instead of relying on
physical strength and skills. Of course, even with Hakuro’s technique, a
Milim who took the fight seriously would offer him no chance.
Technique was important, but it wasn’t enough. What I lacked most of all,
however, was battle experience. These morning combat sessions were my
attempt at playing catch-up.
Why was I going through this? Easy. Compared to my past life—my past
world, really—there were far too many issues that were solved here by
duking it out. The orc lord. Charybdis. I was on good terms with Carillon, but
the other demon lords could be a different matter. Plus, I had that vendetta
against Leon.
After meeting two demon lords in person—Milim, then Carillon—I
realized there was no way I could take on one of them right now. So I was
working hard, taking the steps I needed to improve on that.
I stayed busy otherwise, too. Training with Milim occupied my mornings;
after lunch, I did my rounds in each section of the town. It was an orderly,
scheduled life, and I stuck to it for many weeks.
Having a nice, nutritious meal after a training round was always pleasant,
too. Fried chicken, steak, hamburger, croquettes. Fried shrimp, too—or at
least, an animal that looked kind of like shrimp. It was called ebiira, as well,
which was frighteningly close to ebi, the Japanese for shrimp. Funny
coincidence.
We never had to worry about food getting contaminated, either. Shuna’s
hygiene and disinfection habits were perfect, and besides, I could Analyze
https://mp4directs.comand Assess anything presented to me, so I knew my stuff was safe. I still
wasn’t exactly sure if monsters got food poisoning, but…
All this variety to the menu was lifting Milim to ever-higher heights of
ecstasy. “Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha! How can cooking the same meat produce such
amazing food?!” That was her reaction to her very first steak.
Every day brought her new joy.
With the fried shrimp, she gobbled it all up instantly, not exchanging a
word at the table. I suppose trying to recreate foods popular with kids paid off
well, and Shuna was polishing her skills more than ever.
Glad Milim’s such a fan. She’s repaying me with her training, so I’ll want
her to stay in high spirits if I can.
So the days passed by, all of us growing even stronger than before.
Hakuro’s skill set was already complete, so he didn’t grow as quickly, but
everyone else? You could hardly recognize them. If Treyni decided to pop in
right now, Benimaru or Soei could give her a serious run for her money.
I was growing, too.
“You’ve certainly improved, Rimuru! If you declared yourself a demon
lord now, I sure wouldn’t complain!”
If Milim was putting it that way, I must’ve been improving by leaps and
bounds. I kept telling her I wasn’t interested in the role, though. Plus, she
whipped the four of us again today. Trying to join the Demon Lord Club right
now would result in nothing but trouble for me.
“By the way, why did you become a demon lord, Milim?” I asked to
change the subject.
“Ooooooooooh… Hmm. I’m not sure? Something really bad happened,
and it got me so angry that I became one?”
“Why are you asking me…?”
“Well…I don’t remember. It was a super-long time ago, so I forgot!”
Despite her cheerful reply, I wondered if maybe something bad had
happened after all. It’d be rude to prod her any further about it.
“All right. If you forgot, you don’t have to try to remember it or
anything.”
I ended the conversation there.
Milim looked and acted like a child, but inside, she was a full-fledged
https://mp4directs.comdemon lord. One of the oldest, in fact. She’d probably lived far longer than I
could even comprehend. Maybe she didn’t have any friends, thanks to her
expansive life span separating her from her companions over time.
I decided to ask about something else I had wondered about.
“Hey, so… Do you have any, um, family, or people you’re looking after?
You’ve been here this whole time, but are you sure you don’t need to get in
contact with anyone?”
“Mm. I have people who take care of me, but I’m not worried about them.
I’m the strongest one out there, so it’d be too intimidating for people if I
showed them some care, even, you know? That’s why you’re my only
friend.”
The sudden declaration made me pause a little. Maybe BFF, the way she
defined it, meant a lot more to her emotionally than I had thought. I’d better
take that seriously and try to live up to it.
“Yeah. Well, let’s hope we keep it that way for a while, Milim.”
I gave her a pat on the head. She just looked so childish, I couldn’t help
but feel like she was some family relative.
She gave me a happy smile.
“You bet!”
Several days later…
“Okay, I’m off to work!”
Milim made a sudden declaration.
“Huh? That’s kind of sudden, Milim. Right now?”
“Mm? Well… This isn’t, like, the last time I’ll see you or anything, so
yeah, I’m headin’ out!”
With that, she changed back into the bikini-ish outfit she’d first arrived in.
She used Change Dress for the job, a bit of magic that was so helpful that I
had her teach it to me. It’s recommended to anyone with a lot of clothing,
although you need to learn spatial magic first (for clothes storage), which
actually makes it tough to learn.
In her original outfit, Milim turned to me and smiled. “I’ll be sure to tell
the other demon lords not to lay a finger on this place, okay? You’ve got
nothing to worry about, Rimuru!”
https://mp4directs.com“Oh? Great. So you’re off to meet them?”
“Mm-hmm! That’s my job!”
She puffed out her chest proudly.
There was apparently some kind of conference among her, Carillon, and
the assorted other demon lords out there. The concept kind of scared me—a
secret tryst where the demon lords of the world wove their sinister
conspiracies in private. The whole orc lord thing resulted from one of those
meetings, so I felt I had a personal stake.
But—hey, if it means the other demon lords leave me alone, then great.
Perfect.
The group Milim was affiliated with, by the way, reportedly didn’t
include Leon in its ranks. Leon was one of the newer demon lords, so Milim
didn’t know too much about him, either. Carillon didn’t seem like such a bad
guy, though—what were the rest of them like? I was a tad worried, but it
wasn’t like Milim couldn’t handle them. She was cunning, and she was on a
whole different level from the demon lord pack.
I did warn her, at least, to watch out for other people trying to deceive her.
“Oh, you worry too much. I’m really smart, Rimuru, so nobody’s gonna trick
me!” she replied with a smile.
Yeah, it’s that confidence of yours that I’m worried about…
“Well, I’ll be back soon!”
And she was off—into the air. So sudden, just like when she came. And in
another moment, she was silently breaking the sound barrier (no shock wave,
oddly) and falling out of sight. She said the site was pretty far-off, but at that
speed, she didn’t have long to travel.
“Hmm? Did Lady Milim go somewhere?”
Shion looked concerned. They had become rather good friends.
“Yep. She said she had work.”
“Work?”
“She had promised to meet up with a few other demon lords.”
“Other demon lords…? I hope they don’t trick her…”
See? That’s what you’d totally think. Shion had the exact same worry I
did.
“Well, she said she’d be back once her work was done, so there’s no point
worrying much about her.”
“Quite true. Rather rude of us, I’d say, worrying about someone so much
https://mp4directs.comstronger than any of us.”
“True…”
“I’m going to grow stronger—and when she comes back, I’m sure going
to surprise her!”
“Better train harder than ever, then.”
It didn’t seem right, feeling all sad about someone like Milim, but losing
her so suddenly like this did make one feel lonely. Thinking about it, she had
really become a big part of this town. The way she could take over your mind
like that… She was one mysterious demon lord.
For now, though, let’s focus on what the ogre mages want to be stronger.
And let’s see if we can’t shock Milim when she’s back.
So before long, I resumed my training under Hakuro, my mind refocused
on my mission.
It was a broad, expansive, and decadently decorated room. The demon lord
Clayman was taking a moment to drink some wine and take in the elegance.
Across from him, Frey the Sky Queen was seated, looking out the window
and acting depressed.
“How did things turn out, then?”
“Apparently quite well, Frey. We took advantage of a servant of Carillon
who was disgruntled about Milim to set Charybdis on her.”
Clayman smiled broadly.
“Milim defeated the beast, according to our observers. You have nothing
to worry about now, yes?”
Yes, everything went exactly as Clayman wished—including the results
of the battle. Milim was clearly going to win; there was no doubt about that
between the two demon lords.
“But none of this angered Carillon himself at all?”
“Why would it? There’s no evidence linking any of this to me. If
Carillon’s angry at anyone, it’s either Milim or that mystery pack of
monsters. Or perhaps he’ll point it toward those jacks-of-all-trades that
tricked that Phobio gentleman, but as long as he doesn’t learn that I hired
them, that’s not a problem.”
https://mp4directs.comAnother light chuckle.
The Moderate Jesters, his true friends, were a group shrouded in mystery.
There was no way Clayman’s involvement with them could ever come out.
Carillon had no way of contacting them, no way to figure out where they
were—he couldn’t touch them.
Still, though…
Clayman recalled the final set of images Mjurran gave him.
Milim, pulverizing the all-powerful Charybdis in a single instant. Her—
and someone else.
“This magic-born, though. The one who defeated Gelmud. It attempted to
take on Charybdis solo. Very powerful, indeed; I can see why Milim is so
preoccupied with it. If we aren’t careful, it may grow to become as strong as
us demon lords.”
“Heh-heh! That’s a pretty funny thing for you to say, Clayman.”
Frey didn’t sound terribly interested. Instead, she changed the subject to
the main issue at hand.
“So about your compensation, then. What am I supposed to pay you?”
She turned her eyes to Clayman. This was why the two of them were here
today.
“You don’t have to be so wary of me, Frey. This time, if you could just
listen to a request of mine, that is more than enough. I helped you out, and in
exchange, you can do the equivalent.”
“All right… I’ll do that, if I’m capable.”
“Thank you very much. I was sure you would say that.” He gave a
satisfied smile at the deal.
Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee. This should help make things go my way at the next
demon lord summit. It’ll also let me approach my other goal—hmm? Wait a
moment. If this goes well enough, I could even take control of Milim. Yes,
with that certain item I was provided…
Clayman almost found himself shaking at the thought. With Frey now on
his side of the chessboard, the idea he had just come up with no longer
seemed so impossible.
“However,” he said, stopping Frey as she tried to leave the room. “this
now means that the only thorn in your side at the moment is Milim alone.
Having superiority in the air means nothing against her, doesn’t it, Frey? I
would be happy to discuss matters with you, so if it’s something I can help
https://mp4directs.comwith, don’t hesitate to mention it. You can contact me at any time.”
Behind the friendly face, a new artifice was beginning to formulate itself.
Frey didn’t notice, or pretended not to if she did. “I’ll be glad to when the
time comes,” she said as she offered her good-byes and left Clayman’s castle.
Alone in his room, Clayman was deep in thought.
If I could obtain Milim’s power, there would be no need at all to incite the
other demon lords. I will need to take the time to seriously consider this. And
I hope you’re looking forward to it, Milim…
He removed a mask from his pocket and placed it against his face. He
could feel his heart relaxing itself. To Clayman, he only felt like his true self
with this mask on.
But still… This mystery magic-born cannot be ignored, no. We’d best be
careful with it, just like Laplace and Teare warned. I could assign Mjurran to
infiltrate their base of operations—it’d be a fine chance for her to restore her
good name.
Mjurran’s intel helped a lot more than he expected. He had thus decided
to use her as much as possible, until there was nothing left.
Besides, this infiltration job was right up Mjurran’s alley. If it went well
and she curried their favor, great. If not, and Mjurran was rubbed out,
Clayman had the perfect excuse to get personally involved. It would provide
the best pawn to replace Mjurran with.
That mystery magic-born needed to be watched, but compared to bigger
things on the horizon, it was still a small presence. He just had to wait, gather
information, and use it when the time was right, just in case the monster
interfered with the plan he was hatching.
He was not giving it his full attention, perhaps, but regardless, the demon
lord Clayman was not watching Rimuru and his city.
An ashen sort of joy erupted across his heart, a smile running across
Clayman’s face as he worked out his new artifice…
https://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.comhttps://mp4directs.comAFTERWORD
Nice to see you all for the first time in a while. This is Fuse.
First off, thanks to all of you for picking up this book. I think I mentioned
that in Volume 1, but if you didn’t pick it up, we never would’ve gotten
started with this, so I’m sure I can write that as many times as I feel like!
That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime has reached its third volume on
sale. It’s all thanks to your support, so really, thanks a bunch, and I hope
you’ll continue supporting me.
With those pleasantries out of the way, I thought I’d talk a little bit about
the content of this volume. There are some spoilers in here, so it might be
better to save this afterword for after you read the rest of the book. That’s
doubly true if you haven’t read the web novel version yet!
I warned you above, so let’s get to the main meat of this.
The concept of this volume was pretty simple: the demon lord Milim!
From the cover to the concept, we decided to have Milim be the main thrust
of this volume.
A lot of different people and motivations were involved in this. The first
time I recall it coming up was when my editor showed me some ever-so-
slightly risqué illustrations. I liked them, I thought it could work, and so we
went with that “cute/erotic” concept with Milim. (She was portrayed as more
of a goth-Lolita in the web novel, but that’s changed a lot in this published
version, something you can see right on the cover.)
When I first saw that illustration, I actually said, “Hey, can we maybe
make this a little more provocative?”
“Sure,” my editor said, “I’ll discuss it a bit with Mitz Vah.”
https://mp4directs.comBut—and this is a true story—when I saw the rough for the final cover of
Volume 3, it wasn’t exactly a “little more” provocative, huh?
“Um, her bottom’s mostly just string now, but is that all right?”
“No problem!”
Nice to have an editor I could rely on. In that case, I had no objection.
So that was how we figured out Milim’s look. Which makes it sound easy,
but there was a lot involved to it. The designs for the characters that I didn’t
give any special instructions for (Frey in particular) were settled on a lot
more easily, so we really devoted a lot of energy working out Milim among
ourselves.
That’s the kind of passion that me, my editor, and Mitz Vah brought into
creating her. It’s not like we were driven by sexy art or anything, so don’t get
the wrong idea.
Actually reading the book, you’ll see how it worked out, but unlike the
cover and illustrations, the text is quite serious. Well, I’m not sure if I could
fully call it “serious,” but either way, it is not  sexy at all.
Disappointed? Well, I am a little, too. I added a lot of new writing to the
web version—three-quarters of this novel is new material—and as a result,
there’s a new chapter that’s not on the web at all, “The Demon Lord
Attacks.”
Dividing the content of the web version’s third chapter into two sections
was something my editor and I decided on after talking it over, although it
was mostly just me being selfish, I think. I had a personal desire to take a few
episodes that I kind of glossed over on the web and cover them in more
depth. After several discussions, we ultimately decided to place the spotlight
on Milim in this volume, and that’s what let me exercise my selfish desires to
the hilt.
This volume features a lot of development—a bigger town, negotiations
with the Dwarven Kingdom, and so on—a lot of intrigue from foreign
nations, and quite a few new characters. If you were able to grasp and accept
the actions and motivations of each character, then I’ll call this volume a
success.
There’s also a magic-born or two who got edited out entirely to make the
going easier for those who haven’t read the web novel. I think you’ll be
https://mp4directs.comseeing them in future volumes, but I’m afraid I can’t give guarantees quite
yet.
Whether you’re new to this or read it on the web, I’m working hard to edit
the content so it’s engaging to both audiences. The main thread of the story
will remain on the web, but I plan to continue to change the little details here
and there, so watch out!
Now, some news.
You might already be aware of this, especially if you saw the notice on
the Japanese version’s obi cover, but That Time I Got Reincarnated as a
Slime is getting a manga adaptation! It’s set to launch next spring, in the
pages of Kodansha’s Monthly Shonen Sirius magazine.
Taiki Kawakami is handling the manga version. He draws some
wonderfully cute visuals, and Rimuru and the rest of the gang are showing
off a different—and lovely—sort of charm you don’t see in the novels. I’m
really looking forward to it, and I can’t wait to see all the characters strut
their stuff outside the novel format.
Though, to be honest with you, I’m already looking at the rough comic
layouts! Seriously, I couldn’t be more blessed.
Some of you may wonder why this kind of offer came along. I’m not
entirely sure why myself. I guess fate is a lot more important than I thought,
huh? I think I’ll get to talk about this more later, but that’s all for now.
Thanks again to all of you! Keep on supporting That Time I Got
Reincarnated as a Slime!
https://mp4directs.comThank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from
Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the
Yen Press newsletter.
Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink